# NPM-Packages-Dependencies
### This project is the first assignment of software architecture in Vrije Universiteit Brussel, and it is under the supervision of Dr. Coen De Roover, Camilo Velazquez, and Ahmed Zerouali.
In this assignment you will implement a Pipe and Filter architecture for a system that processes a streamed list of packages from the NPM software registry1, i.e., given a list of NPM packages, we want to know how many dependencies each package version has.<br>
You are provided with a zipped template project (template project.zip) with all de- pendencies needed for this project already included. You are also provided with the list of packages to process (src/main/resources/packages.txt.gz). Each of the lines in the packages’ file contains the name of a package that should be streamed and analysed by your approach. You should create the necessary classes in order to map each row in the file to an object in Scala.<br>
Figure 1 provides a graphical representation of the application that you need to imple- ment. Once the rows have been converted to objects of a user-defined class, you should feed them to a Source. In a follow-up step, the Source streaming should be buffered with a maximum capacity of 10 packages. A backpressure strategy should be adopted in case that the mentioned limit is reached. Next, using the package name you should request the API endpoint of the NPM registry to get information about package versions and their dependencies (i.e., runtime dependencies are listed as dependencies, where devel- opment ones are listed as devDependencies). For example, to get information about the package jasmine, you can use https://registry.npmjs.org/jasmine.<br>
To keep the API requests controlled and not stress the NPM registry, you should stream one package each 3 seconds, before querying its information from the API.
The response of the request will correspond to all information related to a package, e.g., name, description, versions, etc. From this response, you should be able to extract information related to the versions and their (runtime and development) dependencies.<br>
